[workers-observability] Add changelog entry for revamped workers metrics (#19590)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelogs-next/2025-01-31-workers-metrics-revamp.mdx

---
title: Revamped Workers Metrics 
description: Monitor your Worker's performance with a default set of automatically enabled metrics.
products:
  - workers
date: 2025-01-31T12:00:00Z
---

> The new [Workers Metrics dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers/services/view/:worker/production/metrics/) will help you easily monitor the performance of your application. The dashboard allows you to compare metrics across Worker versions, understand the current state of a [gradual deployment](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/gradual-deployments/), and improves the ergonomics by presenting all metrics in a single screen. We'll continue to offer you a default set of key metrics including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new [Workers Metrics dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers/services/view/:worker/production/metrics/) now makes it easier to compare metrics across Worker versions, understand the current state of a [gradual deployment](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/gradual-deployments/), and review key Worker metrics in a single view, including:
```

Speak to devs a bit more - just get straight into the benefits.
